git serial killer wall - connect a bunch of different things with string to show useful related news, videos, music, etc? (spell with flickr!)
carmen sandiego game - find carmen sandiego on the world map with a string of clues to solve leading to different locations?
political app of some kind - showing amount of tweets by region or cross-referenced with polls or something?
chatbot of some kind - chatbot of some kind (Watson API?)
twitter haiku/poem generator
tracking illnesses or something with the cdc
generate playlists that are x hours long for whatever trip you are taking with appropriate songs or artists for different legs of the trip
some sort of jackbox-like game using the firebase from last hackathon "name the artist! or something"
deck of cards API -- some sort of online gambling game? not sure how to incorporate other APIs -- speech recognition for hit/stay?
newsfeed of top x songs, news, music
social media dashboard -- not very innovative, but seems a bit more straightforward to implement
dinner party planner -- get recipes from bigoven, pair with songs from the same region (figure that out with the wiki API or something?), youtube videos, news or culture articles (talking points!)
event calendars pulling from meetup? stubhub?
news word cloud?--video word cloud maybe? popular videos by region in a word cloud?

blind date app - find people nearby (use location api) and use eventful to find fun stuff like concerts, and use yelp to find nearby restaurants with good ratings,
                 to figure out where to go on blind date, it'll be random so the two people get no choice, just preferences
buy stuff based on weather - like, if it's in the 90's, suggest buying swim gear, if it's in the 50's, suggest buying parkas, weather channel, amazon, paypal, shopzilla, location
this is not a dating app (aka Friend Zoned) - like the blind date app, but not for romance, just friends forever
music app - help people find out lyrics to their favorite songs, or find songs based on limited lyrics that they remember, soundcloud, lyricwiki, lyricsfly
 

